Release 5.0.7 (#3134)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v5.0.md

#### Tracking

This add-on includes two Twig functions to ease tracking setting:

- `ibexa_tracking_script` to load the JavaScript tracking code, for more information, see [Tracking script](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/cdp/raptor_integration/tracking_script/)
- `ibexa_tracking_track_event` to send tracking events from your pages, for more information, see [Tracking event function](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/cdp/raptor_integration/tracking_event_function/)

#### Recommendations blocks [[% include 'snippets/experience_badge.md' %]] [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

This add-on introduces a set of recommendation blocks available in the [Page Builder](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/content_management/pages/page_builder_guide/), designed to suggest relevant content or products to users, such as the most popular items or viewed by others.

For more information about Recommendation blocks in Page Builder, see the relevant [Developer Documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/cdp/raptor_integration/pb_blocks/) and [User Documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/5.0/recommendations/raptor_integration/raptor_recommendation_blocks/).

> ### Quable PIM

Reviewer: https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/pull/3133#discussion_r3085033588
```suggestion
### [[= pim_product_name =]] PIM
```

The [[= pim_product_name =]] integration add-on allows you to connect [[= product_name =]] with [[[= pim_product_name =]] Product Information Management (PIM)](https://www.quable.com/en), making [[= pim_product_name =]] the authoritative source of product information for every website powered by [[= product_name =]].

[[= pim_product_name =]] can serve as the single source of truth for all product data, including attributes, classifications, variants, and translations. 
[[= product_name =]] consumes this data and makes it available for use in content and digital experiences.

For more information, see [Quable PIM Integration](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/product_catalog/quable/).

### AI Actions in Page Builder blocks [[% include 'snippets/experience_badge.md' %]] [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

You can now use the [refining text AI Actions](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/ai_actions/ai_actions_guide/#refining-text) in Page Builder blocks string and text inputs.

### Developer experience

#### Symfony 7.4

Symfony is upgraded from 7.3 to 7.4.

> It's the latest [LTS release](https://symfony.com/releases#long-term-support-release), maintainted till November 2029.

Reviewer: https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/pull/3133#discussion_r3085241559
```suggestion
It's the latest [LTS release](https://symfony.com/releases#long-term-support-release), maintained till November 2029.
```

#### Date and time attribute

> The Date and time attributes allow you to represent date and time values as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](product_catalog_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Date and time attributes allow you to represent date and time values as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/product_catalog/product_catalog_guide/).
```

For more information, see [Date and time attributes](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/pim/attributes/date_and_time/).

#### Symbol attribute

> The Symbol attributes allow you to efficiently represent the string-based data as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](product_catalog_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Symbol attributes allow you to efficiently represent the string-based data as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/product_catalog/product_catalog_guide/).
```

#### Date and time attribute

> The Date and time attributes allow you to represent date and time values as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](product_catalog_guide.md).

Reviewer: I would move to https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0 links to ease cherry-pick to 4.6
